hey guys it's Danny now today I wanted
to introduce you to this cool little
kitchen tool that I discovered it's
called the tiger steamer now what I like
about this steamer so much is that it
has a feature called the top hook and
you can steam your rice and cook your
meat and your veggies all at the same
time so it's like one pot cooking so for
today's quick bite this guy is gonna be
the star of the show and I'm showing you
how to make my Italian style steamed
chicken with peppers and onions over a
brown rice so the first thing we're
gonna do is get started with the rice so
I've got 2 cups of brown basmati rice
and I'm gonna scoop out then give it a
rinse under some cold water and then
we're gonna get that rice in to the
steaming pot now from here I'm gonna add
enough water to cook the rice and you're
gonna know how much to do because inside
the pot you'll see the word brown and
underneath it has numbers so we did 2
cups of rice we're gonna put enough
water to reach the number 2 perfect now
for the main part of the meal I've got a
half a pound of boneless skinless
chicken thighs you could also use
chicken breast if you wanted something a
little bit leaner then I'm gonna cut
into bite-size pieces quick tip for you
guys if and when you need to cut raw
chicken do yourselves a favor put it in
the freezer for about 20 minutes before
you have to work with it this allows it
to firm up a bit and then when you're
ready to cut it it is a whole lot easier
once you've got your chicken all ready
to go you just want to get it onto the
cooking plate just spread it around
evenly then we're gonna season that with
a little bit of salt and black pepper
and on top I've got one clove of fresh
chopped garlic
half of a yellow bell pepper thinly
sliced and half of a red onion thinly
sliced then I'm gonna season it again
with one teaspoon of a dried Italian
blend seasoning mix these are great guys
if you're trying to build up your spice
jar because it's basically a combination
of basil thyme sage rosemary all those
Italian seasonings and it's in one blend
so instead of buying five different
spices you can just buy the one and last
but not least I have a half a cup of
marinara sauce now if you're buying your
sauce pre-made at the grocery store try
to find a brand that has less than six
grams of sugar per serving and if you
want to make it from scratch clean and
delicious style I've got you covered you
can check out this video right over here
then you're just gonna pop down the lid
hit the syncro cooking button and then
the steamer will automatically shut off
when it senses that the rice is done
cooking and it will be no coincidence
that our meat and our vegetables will be
done cooking as well now I don't know if
you guys noticed or not but we
technically didn't have to do any
cooking here we just prepped some of our
vegetables and this guy is going to do
all the dirty work for us now on the
same note you could also use this
steamer as a crock pot so a slow cooker
you do a one pot meal right make a soup
make a chili make a stew
now got a real test
hmm the rice is so fluffy and the tender
chicken paired with the sweet onions and
peppers and tomato sauce you guys have
got to try this one you are never gonna
believe that something so simple could
have so much flavor and if you guys want
to print the recipe make sure you head
on over to clean and delicious dot-com
and if you guys are interested in the
tiger' steamer you can buy it online so
what I'll do is I'll leave a link down
in the description box below thanks so
much for watching guys i'm danny Spees
and i will see you next time with some
more clean and deliciousness I know
you're dying to try it but it's part of
my job to eat it gotta tell people
you